# CS305

### Final submission

Artemis Financial is a company that handles financial information about their clients which is considered to be confidential information. In order to ensure customer satisfaction and protection, it is crucial to practice secure communications by enacting different layers of security. By using the vulnerability-cehck plugin, I was able to find the vulnerabiltiies within the software and find ways to mitigate each vulnerability that was present. It is important to mitigate each vulnerability because it only takes one flaw or hole for the software to be breached, and that's what it is important to practice secure coding. One of the biggest issues that I cam across when managing vulnerabilties was the occurrence of false positives. It was difficult for me to decipher which ones were false postives and which ones were true, but it also heightened the importance of manual inspection. To ensure that the coedwas secure after refactorization, I ran another vulnerability check to ensure that there were no new vulnerabilties present. In the future, I will definitely be utilizing the dependency checker as well as manual inspection. I think that this project heled with a lot of different things regarding future employment, but a huge one for me was CAs. I actually worked with certifcates this week at work and it was interesting to see how my skills from this class translated to the real world.                                                                                                    
